[Blackpink House]
[#Blackpink #Reality]
[Guerrilla fan meeting ended successfully]
Hello, we are Blackpink.
[Part 2 of gift for fans!] Those who couldn't
come are sad so please send us a story.
We're going to pick one person
and give them a big gift.
[From. BLINK] [Over 1,000 stories!]
A lot came, I was so surprised.
I didn't know that there would be this many.
[Who will be the heroine?]
Lisa, you pick one.
[Lucky BLINK] [XXX!]
Kim Min Jin.
[Did you hear it?]
[Legend gift for one BLINK]
[Hidden camera. avi] [Directed and written by:
Blackpink] Isn't there not a lot of people here?
I think we need another table.
I think we need another couple.
[It's your first time outside "Blackpink House"]
[Hidden camera just for one person]
[Under Blackpink's command,
PD, writers, and all staff mobilize!]
Like a worker, I need to be...
[First time doing a hidden camera]
Oh no!
You can do it! Fighting!
I'm so nervous. I don't think I can do this.
She's here, she's here!
[Special mission - Impress BLINK]
I'm so nervous.
[Chapter 3 #Second_gift
#Planned_by_Blackpink #YG's_special_gift]
[Blackpink House]
[YG Entertainment]
[Hidden camera for gift to fan D-3]
[Enters the person who won 1,000:1]
Please wait a minute.
[*Thinks it's an interview for being a candidate*]
[Big lie] We asked you to come because
we wanted to meet a couple of people
and see what kind of person you are.
[Final person for hidden camera]
[Kim Min Jin / College student]
My family is not well off.
[Studies and work at the same time]
I earn money and use it for my living expenses
and that's why I work every day.
[Not easy living in Seoul at a young age]
Of course, I have to manage
- all the tax, cell phone, transportation, food bills...
- Oh no.
She goes to work after school every day
except on weekends.
[Blackpink is her only rest area]
She lives really diligently.
She says that we became her rest area.
(Money earned by working)
I use it all for my living expenses.
- Living expenses are costly.
- Yes.
[They made her know what fun is in her tiring life]
I started to like them in the middle of this year
and it's so much fun.
I didn't have fun in my life.
- So... - Being a fan?
- Yes.
[What is a good fan...?]
Liking someone
[Willingly using your time for the person you like]
and I'm using my spare time.
[You get happiness and energy in return]
[I have no empty space in my heart]
My heart is so abundant
so I don't have any empty space.
[Finished exploring the heroine]
Thank you.
[Three days later since then]
[We prepared this for you!]
[Hidden camera for the fan D-DAY]
We're going!
But will she be fooled?
[Beginner at hidden cameras]
Will she be fooled?
Right.
[She might be fooled (or not;;;)]
I think she might get fooled.
I don't know.
[Please...]
[For only one BLINK]
[Great hidden camera plan (feat. staff)]
[Step1. Lure the heroine pretending
it's not a hidden camera]
[Starting the mission]
[Taking Min Jin to the location of hidden camera]
[Huh? Camera?]
[Checking time]
- You work and end at 7pm? - Yes.
It's exam period these days
so I went home at 9pm yesterday.
[PM 7:00 - Finished checking schedule!]
[Luring her to the location]
Since you said that you study at a cafe,
[Like it's a story video for Blackpink...]
I am going to follow you and film you.
Yes.
[Good, that was natural!]
Then, at 7pm...
[Cafe is the location of today's hidden camera]
[Hide well, she might see the cameras]
[You can't tell, right? Finished setting up!]
[PM 6:30]
[Blackpink arrived]
- We just go?
- The person with the story is not here, right?
Let's hurry up and go.
- Let's go now.
- Go! We need to go up to the second floor.
[Quickly]
[That's a fixed door...]
Because of us coming in...
Part-time job.
So funny!
[Will these newbies be able to succeed?]
Isn't it so obvious?
I think we need another table.
[10 minutes before arrival,
they're checking the positions!]
I think we need another couple.
[Thoroughly checking their positions!]
Then, a wet tissue and a mop...
[Her mission is to wipe the tables in front of her]
I do this near her.
[Role of the barista]
Then, I need to be here the whole time?
Like a worker, I need to be...
[There are no blind spots]
Oh no!
Then, she's going to come to get it.
[Will... I be... able to do a good job?]
I need to do something else then.
[Wishlist] I always wanted to work
at a place like this before.
[One job a day]
I'm confident that I can do a good job in a day.
[Come in, Roger]
[HQ on second floor to Jennie on the first floor]
Hello.
Cheer up! Fighting!
- She's so cute.
- You can do it! Fighting!
- She's arriving in five minutes.
- In five minutes?
[Going back and forth]
What should I be doing?
Shouldn't I turn my back to her first?
I'm so nervous!
[Everyone, calm... Calm down...]
I'm so nervous. I don't think I can do this.
I'm so nervous.
[No matter how nervous I am, my hair...!]
I'll do a good job, right?
"My heart is bounce, bounce."
I'm going to get caught right away
if I'm like this.
I should be like this.
When is she coming?
I'm getting really nervous!
[No turning around!]
She just keeps on washing the cup.
Keeps on.
[Talk about yourself]
She's here, she's here!
She's here?
[PM 7:00 - Heroine BLINK arrives]
[Danger of showing Jennie's front]
I can't do that but...
Jennie is like this!
- Jennie needs to turn around.
- Tell her to turn around.
She's here, she's here!
She saw, she saw!
She saw Jennie!
[Danger of showing Jennie's side]
She's so obvious.
She saw Jennie.
[Her spine naturally becomes humble]
She's so obvious.
[Glimpse]
I think she knows already.
[Nervous]
She keeps on looking around.
She's aware of the situation.
[Stopped because they're nervous]
Excuse me but...?
[Why, why, why! What's wrong?]
[Did we already get caught?]
[Is it because of me?]
I was so nervous.
You'll know when you see me
but my legs were shaking like this.
Would it be hard to change seats?
Because when I study,
if I use something low...
[Oh... Scared me]
She wants to sit somewhere else.
[He said he wanted to film her studying]
You don't need to study.
[Convinces her not to study]
We have an interview we got...
[Overcame a big danger...]
[Sits in the seat where the staff led her!]
[Jen... Jennie?]
[Promoting that... I'm over here]
[Suddenly goes to the counter to order a drink]
- Please give me one iced Americano.
- Iced Americano? - Yes.
[So... Close]
- It's 3,500 won. - Here you go.
What did she order? x2
[It's my turn] [Jennie-sta go!]
Can I try it?
[She is grinding her true heart and brewing it.]
I made the coffee!
You didn't know, right?
[What don't I know?]
What? Jennie! Oh no!
She turned around!
[She's coming!]
[I knew this would...]
Oh no! She turned around!
She turned around.
[Password for Wi-Fi... (Aha!)]
- Wi-Fi... - Password for Wi-Fi?
Did she see me?
Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi.
[Sigh...]
Crazy!
[She was so nervous that her legs feel weak...]
[Mission success!]
It was really close before
but I succeeded!
[made by Jennie]
[Has no idea that Jennie made it]
[Come on!]
[Rosé's turn to fulfill her mission]
You need to go now.
[Starts up her fun booster]
[Hardest level where she
has to clean the next table!]
[Big trouble if she makes eye contact]
[Looks straight ahead and goes]
[This is too... Too daring]
[Table right in front of her...
Doesn't care if she cleans it or not]
She keeps on studying
because it's exam period right now.
[A+ on my mission]
[Thought she ended successfully]
[Acts sporadically]
[Rosé attempts at an ad-lib that wasn't planned]
[No, no]
[Just hurry up and come]
[She still doesn't know?]
[Oh... Oh no! She looked!!!]
[Fixated on you... Or not;;;]
[Then, I'll be going]
Hurry up and come!
Hurry up! Hurry up!
[Rosé completed her mission]
[Last baton touch]
[Lisa turned into the camera director]
[Who.are.you?]
[Real camera director of "Blackpink House"]
Hello.
[Distracts her by explaining about the recording]
[Slowly dark Lisa comes closer]
What did I say before?
[Camera assistant, Lisa CAM]
[Stopped at Lisa's face]
- She looked.
- She doesn't know. She doesn't know.
[I think we succeeded...]
[Keeps on recording (the fake video)]
[TO. Blackpink] I'm a student
that's living a busy and hard life
depending on how you look at it.
[Manner legs filled with passion] In my everyday
life, Blackpink is like a rest area to me.
[Ta-da]
[Approaching the showing of the hidden camera!]
[1m before they meet her]
[The real is here!]
[Five, four, three, two, one]
[You were surprised, right?]
[Blackpink x BLINK]
[#Greatest #surprise #gift_for_fan]
Hello, we are Blackpink.
[Body reaction when you meet Blackpink]
[One. Can't stand because of shock]
[Two. Your heart rate is speeding up]
Seriously, she's watching us.
- One, two, three! - Surprise!
- Thank you.
[We will take a break so
that she can take a breather]
[Loud applause]
Thank you!
It was a happening in my imagination.
[The singer in your imagination
is smiling and talking to me]
[This is... for real...]
[Expectant]
Did we do a good job of acting?
[Felt strange when Lisa entered...]
I started to feel aware once I saw Lisa.
[Sorry... I learned hidden cameras through books]
So, I was thinking of looking.
[These are Lisa's lips for sure]
I think the lips were the problem.
But the lips are just Lisa!
[Lips, bbyong]
[Lisa's patent lip skill]
Only Lisa can do that.
What's that?
What is this...
[With that said,
let's watch her beak show again!]
[Die-hard fan lens]
[Best for last]
You're curious about our other present, right?
Oh my, what is this?
As expected, the wrapping is Blackpink, too.
How do I eat this?
Cover the top with whipped cream.
[Members made it with their own hands]
[One and only cake for one special BLINK]
[Not finished yet] [Even a rolling paper]
We autographed this
- and this is a rolling paper we're giving you.
- Handwritten letter.
[Blackpink's handwritten letter to me...]
I only wrote letters before...
[Filled with affection and
you can see the truth in each line]
[Continue to work hard
while thinking of each other]
Blackpink was really my rest area
in my everyday life.
Thank you so much
for making such a great memory.
I'm so thankful when she said
that we were her rest area.
So, that's the reason we're singers.
We want to be a rest area for many people.
[Hope that the short rest will stay
in your everyday life for a long time]
[Let's treasure this moment
for a long time together]
[Blackpink House]
[#Blackpink #Reality]
[Real quiet afternoon in Blackpink House]
[Where's the audio?]
[Blackpink is hooked on watching TV]
[Huge fans of variety shows]
- A beggar came and it was washing dishes? - Yes.
I want to watch home shopping.
Should we turn on the home shopping channel?
[Jennie has a clear preference]
Buy it here all of a sudden.
[I want to buy a massage machine...]
I want to buy a massage machine
[Imagination]
and you know this? The neck...
[I know x2]
Like this and it massages you?
Mothers... What is that?
- Home shopping.
- What they do on the home shopping channel?
- Let's watch it so I can buy it!
- Jennie.
[We should put a massager]
You're supposed to watch it with your mother.
[At the Blackpink House]
Then, I can buy it all.
[Huh? Who are you?]
[Blue living organism that shows his face]
[A trespasser in Blackpink's house]
[Ugh... Why is this door so small?]
[Oh... I can open the other door...]
[So far, enjoying TV in quiet]
[Walking heavily]
[Five seconds before he meets Blackpink]
[Living organism arrived at the front door]
[Huh? Suddenly??? Music for "BOOMBAYAH"
is spreading around the house] What?
[What sound is this?]
- What is it?
[What just passed by?]
- Wow. - What?
[Not interpretable...]
- Suddenly... - There's a teddy bear.
[BOOMBAYAH! Mom!]
- Not that. - Hey!
[Character that represents YG - KRUNK]
He even knows the dance.
[As you can see, I'm not a dance representative]
- What's with the dance? - He knew the dance.
[How nice]
Your cell phone fell.
- You cell phone...
- How cute!
Dance.
[BOOMBAYAH! Entered the highlight part]
[Let's go, Blackpink!!!]
[Ahh]
[Short arms to deal with all the fun...]
[Swinging his arms]
[Follow me]
What is this all of a sudden?
[Krunk, what brings you here...]
- Cute! - Suddenly, why are you...
- Isn't it our first time seeing Krunk?
- Yes.
[Blackpink In Your Area]
What is this?
- What's up with the response?
- Yo man! x2
[No, thank you] - Oh! He's polite. x2
- Say hello. - It's not that.
[Accept it at least once]
What's wrong with him?
- What?
[Takes out...]
So cute!
- He's so cute.
- Is this allowance? Thank you.
It's allowance.
[Then, have a good day]
- Cute. - Thank... What is this?
Allowance. x3
[Why, why, why, why...]
- Is this allowance? - I'm going to turn your head.
Turn it. x2 Turn its head.
[Save... Save me...]
Hurry up and turn it.
- Don't come here. Don't come here.
- Turn it, turn it. - Really turn it. Turn it.
[Finished with the extreme job of being Krunk]
- I'm going to turn your head. - Fail, fail.
[I'm not going somewhere but running away]
- Where are you going? Krunk! - Really... Don't go.
- Where are you trying to go? No, no.
- He's really chic.
[Hmph, don't touch me]
He doesn't want us to touch him.
He's too chic.
[I'm not being chic but scared]
What?
[Wait? Sitting in a tree]
Rosé, you guys are wearing couple clothes.
[Rosé and Krunk are wearing couple clothes]
Couple with me...
[Aggressive girl]
Take a picture with me.
So cute.
Come here. x2
They're going to take a picture for us.
Let's go over there.
Who?
[Dragging along...]
Unni.
[#Gray_checkered_couple_look]
One, two, three.
[#Krunk_You're too chic]
[Then, go where you were going]
- Bye! - Bye Krunk.
- Thanks for the dance.
- Practice the dance more.
[Slow]
I think Krunk's going to fall...
Oh no!
Krunk, I will help you.
[I will help you. Daily couple, Rosé runs along]
- Come over here, hand! - He's going like this.
I will tell you when it's the stairs.
Not yet.
Stairs! Start! Stairs.
Stairs!
[Good job! Taking baby steps]
Stairs on this side.
Stairs.
[But]
Bye Krunk.
[The envelope that Krunk left them]
- It's our first time seeing him. - Seriously.
[What will it be?]
Krunk knows the dance better than I thought.
[She's not grabbing his collar but holding him]
One more! Last one now! Finished!
Now the door!
[Thank you x3]
Bye! So cute.
[Manner hands]
I will open the door for you.
[Thin...]
Goodbye! Be careful.
He's so cute.
[Practice more and come back]
Bye!
[Krunk's quick delivery]
- Kekeke? - Krunk.
[What will be inside the mysterious envelope?]
- Let's see it. - The paper is pink!
- Cute! - It's Gothic font. Gungseo font.
- It's not allowance. - It's a letter.
- To Blackpink.
- It wasn't allowance. How sad.
- It's a letter from Krunk?
- To Blackpink.
[TO Blackpink]
Jisoo, Jennie, Rosé, Lisa.
[It's Gungseo font]
You guys worked hard promoting.
- What is that? Krunk?
- Krunk.
- Krunk is talking friendly to us.
- We can't look at it like this?
Oh, it was YG!
[YG]
- Oh, it was YG! - Oh my.
- Oh my.
- "FROM YG." - Okay.
"I will give you guys a real vacation."
Go and enjoy Lisa's country, Thailand, with Lisa!
[WHAT? Thailand?!] - Thailand? Really?
- "I won't contact you so enjoy your time there."
[Blackpink's first vacation to Thailand]
Thailand!
[Blackpink Wish List]
[First vacation destination is Thailand]
[Blackpink arrived at Thailand!]
[EAT]
[#Lisa's_hometown_food]
Rosé, this is what you love the most.
[#How_delicious]
Awesome!
[PLAY]
[#BLEEDOM #Screaming_out_freedom]
Freedom!
[Speed maniacs, Jennie and Rosé]
This is so much fun!
[Not screaming but cheering]
[ENTERTAINMENT]
How exciting!
[#Excitedly_at_night]
[#Moved_in_the_morning]
I cry when someone else cries. Please.
[Blackpink In Thailand]
[See you soon]
- So funny.
- We need to pack our things.
[How meticulous]
List on what to pack.
[Making up a list of things to take]
First, Thailand...
[Must-have item for idols] [1. Sunscreen]
- Sunscreen since it's hot. - Yes. x3
[1. A lot of sunscreen]
We need to take a lot of sunscreen.
[2. Sunglasses]
- Sunglasses? - Yes!
[3. Sandals]
- Sandals. - Oh, sandals.
[4. Bathing suit (oh)]
- Bathing suit. - Oh!
We need to swim.
[5. Money to exchange 6. Cup ramen]
- Exchange money. - Cup ramen.
- Cup ramen.
[7. Pretty clothes (since they have pretty faces)]
- Summer clothes, pretty clothes. - Pretty clothes.
Put it all together.
Clothes.
And?
And, and, and?
You should know, Lisa!
[No vacation]
When I go to Thailand, I don't take anything...
[No need to take it when it's at home...]
- All home... - It's not vacation for her.
[That's right]
Because it's home.
[We need to pack all this]
Let's go and pack!
- Let's go! x2
- Let's go and pack.
[Trip to Thailand D-DAY]
[We're leaving, too]
- I'm hungry. - Hungry!
Did you eat something today?
No. x2 Not yet, let's hurry up and go in there.
- Business class.
- Is this a hotel?
[Arrived at the lounge to alleviate their hunger]
But I'm really hungry.
We're going to go eat something delicious.
They have croissants!
Croissants!
[Rosé probably going to do a bread eating show]
Croissants and strawberry jam.
[Orange for the other members]
- Orange. x2 - Let's take the oranges.
[Bread plate]
[Plate is full]
- Porridge looks good.
- Be careful. Be careful with the porridge.
[Chomp]
Please pick up because it's my mom.
[Mom?]
Mom!
Jennie?
[NO! Rosé's mom]
- Hello. - Mom! - Oh, hi.
Hello!
Hey girls.
Mom, I'll come back safely.
[Fish that Rosé raises]
What about Orange and Silver?
[Orange and Silver? And small Yellow, too!]
Small Yellow and the smaller Yellow.
[So sad]
There was a sad happening today.
[Really surprised... No way]
Why?
Orange died...
Don't cry. x2
Is she crying?
Her fish that she raised died.
Oh, Orange!
What do we do?
Orange got a lot of stress.
- Not Orange.
- Then who?
- Yellow.
- Small Yellow?
It didn't even look sick...
- I'm sure it got stressed out mentally.
- That's right.
[Sudden bye]
Bye.
All of a sudden, bye bye?
[Trying to hang out so she doesn't get sadder]
We'll come back safely.
[We will take care of Rosé]
- We'll come back safely. - Have a safe trip.
Don't worry!
Make sure you have a funeral for it.
Let me see.
[Rosé~ Yellow fish went to a good place...]
It probably went to a good place.
We're going to Thailand.
Will you be able to take responsibility?
Trust and follow me.
[That's no, no!] You can't trust Lisa
when you're there. Do you know why?
The place that Lisa has lived
for the last six years in here!
Oh, that's right!
[Can we trust... Lisa?]
She hasn't been to Thailand often!
[Blackpink's first vacation in Bangkok]
[Go to Thailand]
A~
[Let's go]
The flight will take off now.
- A bit nervous.
[Expecting for an in-flight meal]
I'll have an in-flight meal.
[You had some at the lounge]
You just had some.
I'll have an in-flight meal.
[Cheers]
- How do you feel?
- So excited. - Excited?
You don't look excited.
Try harder.
[Very excited]
[With great expectations for
in-flight meals and vacation]
[Goodbye for now, Seoul!]
[For my precious lips,
Jenny's beauty item]
Banana lip balm.
[Emergency lip balm zone in flight]
I bought 5 banana lip balms
and gave one to Chaeyoung.
[My precious bangs]
I gave it out to others.
[Michael Jen-deuk?]
Sister Michael Jackson.
So cool.
[Showing off the moonwalk]
It's amazing.
You're really...
Come on, in-flight meals.
Come on, come to me.
[In-flight meal just arrived!]
Let me give you some bread.
- Sure, you may have some more. This one?
- Yes.
[We know we eat a lot]
OK.
[After having bread,
they enjoyed steak]
[Meal at the lounge + salad +
appetizer & drinks + steak]
[Thailand]
[Bangkok]
[#A city that never sleeps]
[#City view that I want to capture]
[#Best night view ever]
[#Everyone Blackpink night]
[AM 1:00 Suvarnabhumi Airport]
[Kyaa]
[Thai fans gathered up to see them]
[Fans keep clicking to take pics]
[BLACKPINK Official VLIVE Channel Ver]
JTBC2 E03 Blackpink House
-= Ruo Xi =-
[Moving to the hotel]
[To the hotel]
I have to run now,
what else would I do?
[Dancing]
[Excited Lisa]
[Getting more footage in her hometown]
- She's a real entertainer. - Right.
[Tour in Thai with entertainer Lisa]
Entertainer, wow.
[Opening gifts from Thai fans]
Anyone who's hungry?
Pudding from Starbucks.
[Character T-shirt]
- Amazing. - Look at the hem.
- So cute.
- Super cute.
[Li-Chaeng+Chipmunk]
- Did you receive this? - Yes.
Chipmunk.
Jisoo, she's got a chipmunk.
Lisa, what's that?
Something that looks like a fish.
- Fish?
- Yes.
That one, which looks like A.
[Native pronunciation]
- "Ni". - Is that "ni?" - Yes.
- "Ni".
- "Ni". - Not "ni," but "ni".
[Jisoo starts talking nonsense]
Did you have a meal?
- Who's that?
Won't you pay my money back?
Won't you answer my phone?
[Impersonating a movie star]
What about paying 10 million won
instead of your wrist?
It's so nice.
This is how it feels during a travel.
So happy.
[Sorry? Suddenly?]
- What? - What did she say?
She said something nostalgic.
"This is how it feels during a travel.
I'm so happy".
[Following the neon signs
on the road]
[You can find this hotel
where Blackpink will stay]
- Let's go!
- Just arrived!
- Amazing. It feels like our house.
- Like our home.
[Pink pink]
[Thailand version of
Blackpink House?]
[A huge bedroom for four]
[A smaller bedroom for those
who want to sleep in silence]
[Don't be surprised,
the bathroom is twice as big as expected]
Oh, my gosh!
[welcome dessert]
Can we eat this?
[Sweet girls need some sweets]
There's our bedroom.
- One bedroom for two.
- I'll have this.
[Options 1. Twin beds]
Two can use two single beds.
[2. One huge bed]
Two need to share this bed.
[What we need is speed!]
Hang on.
This room is small.
[Dibs!]
I'll sleep on this bed.
[Jisoo and Lisa chose twin beds]
I like this room.
[Jenny and Rose chose a king bed]
- It's better. - Right? That room is small.
- We're in Thailand.
- How do you feel?
I can't realize it.
It feels like we're in Korea.
[Isn't it a hidden camera prank?]
- This feels like a hidden camera prank.
- Hidden camera prank!
[Too early to say so!]
Let's travel around tomorrow.
- Then, it would hit me that we're in Thailand.
- Good!
Let's take a shower and
go to bed.
- Bye.
[Good night!]
[Cameo: Actor Yoon Gye-sang]
My roommate is Chaeng!
[One of famous scenes
from "The Outlaws"]
[Energiger-Jen-Chaeng]
[They don't want to go to bed]
Look at this huge window!
[Amazed by a huge window]
[Amazed by similar looks]
- We just look like... - Similar looks!
[We're amazed by you, energetic girls]
Look. It's not white, though.
- Mono-tone, right now.
- This is working.
[Let's go to bed]
- OK, bye. - Good night!
[Blackpink-morning in Bangkok]
We arrived too late at night.
[Arrived late due to the weather]
- It was raining. - Right.
[Almost passed out]
I knocked out yesterday.
- Lisa, where do we have breakfast?
- Right, I'm hungry.
- An amazing place.
- Amazing? How?
[I bet you'll be surprised]
It's going to be like wow!
[Jisoo, the picky eater]
You know, I can't eat some food.
- It needs to be delicious to wake us up.
- Right.
[Trust me! It's my hometown]
- Where are we now? - Thailand.
- Thailand.
Lisa looks so happy
since she's in her hometown.
[My hometown!]
- Hungry.
- Let's go.
[Hurry up]
Let's go!
[Light footsteps]
[Good weather to enjoy breakfast]
Let's go.
[Good morning to a pink taxi]
Pink taxi.
[Exotic landscape outside the window]
[Jukebox on]
Good, good.
[Eating again...]
[Chaeng eating Pepero]
[Driver, please go faster]
[They start feeling dizzy]
Please pull the car over here.
- Pika.
- Pika, pikachu.
[Here expertise, saying nonsense]
- Pikachu. - Pikachu.
Pikachu!
[Her whatever-saying-party worked!]
It stopped!
What?
['B' Restaurant]
[Traditional Thai food restaurant]
- Lisa.
- Huh?
- Very fancy. - So pretty.
- It looks like a palace.
[Let me invite you to a palace]
[A restaurant that boasts
100-year-long history]
- 1915. - What? 1915?
Hello.
[Welcome. First time to here?]
- Elephants. - Cute.
[Michelin-starred Thai food restaurant]
I guess this is a famous restaurant.
[Having 12 branches around the glove
including Paris and Brussels]
[Hello]
[Private room after
walking up classic stairs]
Amazing.
[Slow motion video for no reason ^^;]
Awesome.
We're like wow.
[Slow motion video
for a pretty girl]
[Glad that you like this place]
[Welcoming coconut juice with applause]
We like this.
- This is originally...
- Coconut juice.
[Where's my phone?]
Oh, my god.
I want to take photos of this.
[#For your instagram] [#From Thai farm]
[#Coconut juice]
Look at this.
[#Delicious] [#Great acting] [#I love it_b]
- Is this real or fake? - A real one.
Did they open a coconut
after picking it?
- You look cute.
- Right.
[Jen-deuk's style]
- Please take my photo like that.
- Cute.
[Cute-chu]
- 1, 2. - Really?
[Blackpink's ritual before a meal]
[Food is the backdrop. mp4]
Bon appetite!
[It looks amazing]
[Does coconut juice taste good?]
[So delicious that she frowned]
- Delicious! - Good.
So fresh.
I didn't like coconut water before.
[One more sip!
Very addictive]
[Slowly]
- Flash didn't go off.
- It does, sometimes.
On its own way!
[Tasting]
- You don't like coconut water.
- No.
But it's delicious.
[Not tasty to you?]
How does it taste?
[One line of review]
It's different from coconut water cans.
[Less sweet than coconut water cans ]
- Those are sweeter. - Right?
- This is better.
[So glad]
It's made of a fresh coconut.
[Delicious]
It's awesome.
[#Eating broadcast] [#Copy and paste]
Delicious.
You can eat the flesh inside
while drinking.
[Delicious] [Flesh of coconut]
- Coconut? - Yes.
Milk...
[Like this?]
After mixing coconuts with something,
[Chewy]
if we squeeze, it produces coconut oil.
Very chewy.
Like jelly.
- Delicious.
- Delicious? Glad to hear that.
[Please bring us next dishes...]
- Hungry. - Right.
How do you say "hungry" in Thai?
[Lisa's Thai language school]
- Hi-woo. - Hi-woo?
- Hi-woo.
Hi-woo? Hi-woo.
[Acting cute] [Not my style]
- Are you acting cute? - I guess so.
[Like this]
- "Jenny hi-woo," like this.
- What? Weird.
[Hating]
- "Jenny hi-woo," like this.
- What? Weird.
[Too cute to say so...]
- We're practicing!
- A bit cringe-worthy!
Aren't you the only one
who says like that?
[Is this real Thai expression?]
[Students start doubting]
Didn't you make it up?
- I guess this is Lisa's own language.
- No way.
[Cute version] [Not Thai but Lisa]
Doesn't it mean "Jenny is cute?"
[Frustrated]
- Jenny hi-woo. - It's real Thai!
Try. Chaeyoung hi-woo.
[About to drop the class]
Chaeyoung hi-woo.
Sorry but I got goosebumps.
- Chaeyoung hi-woo.
[Doubting]
[Laughing out of frustration]
Sorry? Say it again. What?
Hilarious.
A huge plate is coming.
[Very big]
Feeling great. It's huge.
[I'm happy to have a big dish!]
Isn't this sticky rice?
- Did you hear that?
- Sorry?
[Servers standing in a line]
Hungry.
We're hungry.
- Hungry?
- Hungry.
[Oh, it works]
Hungry]
[I told you so]
Hungry.
[Foie gras]
Is this foie gras dish?
What's this?
[Tom Yam Kung]
- Isn't it Tom Yam Kung?
- Tom Yam Kung.
[Lamb chop]
[And others]
[Usual breakfast in Thai]
[As I don't know what you'd like,
I prepared everything!]
[Slurping]
I dropped some food and it's gone.
[Why are you staring at this?]
[A big bite 1]
[A big bite 2]
- Really?
- Try. - Together?
[Picky eater Jisoo enjoys the soup]
- It looks yum. - Want some? - Yes.
Very unique.
- Its taste is addictive.
- Do you like it?
That's the charm of Tom Yam Kung.
[Lisa is glad as others enjoy the food]
I want to have something spicy.
[Surprised]
Be careful of spicy chili peppers.
[Victim of the spicy chili pepper]
- Right, be careful.
- It contains spicy chili peppers.
[She learned it the hard way]
I tasted it and it was super spicy.
[You should've told me so!]
Nobody told me.
So I said, "Oh!"
[That's why she stared at the food]
[Mute mode of Rose]
[Can't hear]
Why? What does it mean?
[Yum]
[Yum yum yum]
[Chaeng-munk's food]
[Downloading to my stomach]
Delicious.
[Refilling noodles]
[Refilling rice]
[Did anyone keep her starving?]
I love Thai food.
I loved the unique scent
from original Thai food.
[Rose who loved the scent]
I am so glad that I can enjoy it here.
[I thought everyone liked it...]
What's that in front of you?
I don't know.
A fish?
[Jenny hesitates to try]
The scent is a bit strong for me.
[I can't eat as much as I want...]
I guess Thai food in Korea
is adjusted to suit Koreans' taste.
Please get rid of it.
Let me put this.
I'm sorry that I can't have a lot.
Delicious.
[I want to have but I can't]
I really want to have some.
I want to have this but...
This...
- I'll try that.
- The scent of this is unique.
- What's that?
- Hungry.
[Pie in the sky]
Hungry. I have food on my plate
but I can't eat.
I'm hungry, too.
[If you don't want to eat]
Sorry but please cut a piece for me.
[Do you ask me not just to pass
but to cut a piece?]
Just a piece, right?
[#Fast #Precise
#Delivery to your mouth]
Do you want this, too?
- That, too?
- Enjoy. - Together?
- It looks yum.
- Did you get used to this?
- Maybe, I got used to it.
- Oh.
Thanks.
[Feeling full by looking at her]
[#Delicious lamb chop]
Enjoy it instead of me.
Do you need some more
pieces of grilled lamb?
[Chaeng, enjoy a lot]
- Delicious? - Did you try?
Lisa, what are we going to do
after having breakfast?
- After having breakfast? - Right.
- Is there anything you want to do?
You always bought something
unique when you visited Thailand.
Can we buy some souvenirs?
[Blackpink's shopping basket]
[Souvenirs]
I hope to buy some.
[Hand-made soap]
- They sell a lot of hand-made soaps here.
- Right? - Yes.
- My mother made that...
- Right, right.
[Hand-made pouch]
I want to buy some pouches.
- Pouch?
- I want to buy it.
[Shh... Keep it secret to others]
That shop is very special.]
[Let's keep that place between us]
- Why? - Really? - Special.
[On their way to the special place]
[To a place where they
can enjoy shopping!]
We're going towards our hotel.
[No, no...]
Lisa, you sound like stranger in Bangkok.
[Suspicion is raised about Lisa's nationality...]
Actually, I don't know.
- Lisa, what's that?
- Which one?
There's an egg-like thing.
A building that looks like an egg.
[What's that?]
I don't know.
[Amazingly, Lisa doesn't know]
She knows nothing about the city.
[Protecting Lisa]
I visited Melbourne after 5 years
and there were so many
new buildings.
Things have changed
in 5 years.
[I'm not the only one, right?]
We're here. Lisa, is this
the place you mentioned?
[Gasp!]
What?
[Reacting like a tourist]
- Why are you surprised?
- We just followed the ca
[With Korean-Thai Lisa,
who is amazed by things in Thailand]
[Blackpink just arrived at this place]
What's that?
[A park in the middle
of skyscrapers]
[It doesn't look like a shopping district]
[They just got off the car]
- What's that?
- Look at that.
[Jenny is puzzled]
[Is this a market?]
- Lisa, are you sure this is a market?
- Where should we go now?
This is a market.
A puppy. Look at that!
A puppy!
[Yes, I'm a puppy]
- A puppy. - Scared.
- A puppy.
- I want to pat him.
Can we pat him?
[A name that's familiar to them]
- Teddy. - Teddy?
His name is Teddy.
Hello, Teddy.
[Standing still]
[Can't dare to pat the dog]
He's huge.
I'm scared.
He's so nice and gentle.
[Ignoring]
- Cute. - I'm scared.
Let's go.
- Bye.
- I'm scared of such a big dog.
[But you were a cute puppy]
Sorry for being scared of you.
[Let's not forget] [The purpose is shopping]
I want to go inside.
[Too hot and sunny]
It's too hot. Let's run.
[I found it!]
- Here. - Here. - Here.
[Lisa's special place]
[A large flea market at the park]
[L flea market]
[Starting from vintage accessories
to designers' outfits]
[people can buy unique things
at this flea market in Bangkok]
There's a competition
titled "Princess Cup".
[Flea market is open during the competition]
It's held twice a year, with vintage designers.
[Nice timing!]
It just opened during our stay.
- Flea market.
- Let's get in! - Princess cup?
[Run run run]
[Chaeng, it will be hotter when you run]
It's too hot.
Let's get started with shopping.
People will recognize them first,
since they go inside first.
[Whaa... t?]
[Worried if Thai fans would recognize them]
- I guess many people would
recognize us. - Right.
[Due to the mic]
I guess they'll recognize us because of this.
[The one whose name is chanted]
Let's go separately and the first one
that fans recognize
will buy souvenirs.
[They divided teams]
Shall we go around in groups of two?
[Team Chu-Li]
[Team Jen-Chaeng]
[Trying to find the perfect timing]
- Fans would recognize you 100%.
- Let's go there first.
[Aiming to go through the back door]
- That way? OK. - Let's go that way.
We're going to the opposite way.
[Jen-Chaeng didn't know that]
[Just... busy shopping]
- That's pretty.
- I'd like to buy this for my friend.
Great.
[While Chu-Li are going to the back door]
This would look great on you.
[Jen-Chaeng are shopping at a hat shop]
It'll match well with your outfit.
That looks great.
A flamingo hat.
[I think I know you]
[Oh, my!]
[Turning her eyes]
Let's not have eye contact
for too long.
[Fans may recognize them]
- They will say our names.
- We should avoid that.
[Let's be careful]
- I started sweating.
- Right? Let's be careful.
[Showing who they are
in front of a full-length mirror]
It matches so well with your outfit.
[It looks great on Jenny]
- Like the British style. - British?
- Try this.
- Too big.
[Chu-Li appeared!]
[Neighbors! Chaeng wears a hat!]
Chaeng is wearing a hat.
[Trying to cover up her face]
It reminds me of a Mexican hat.
Pretty.
[If we stay together, people will recognize us]
Let's get out.
[No choice but to] [Focus on shopping]
- This is a hat.. No. - No way!
[We must buy this]
Hey, isn't this bag so cute?
[The cute bag is waving at her]
- Cute. - Really cute.
Let's buy one.
[Making an excuse]
[I have many bags but not this one]
I don't have a cross bag.
So cute.
[Usual shopping scene of girls]
It looks great on you. Cute.
[Attention!]
[Did they recognize us?]
[Standing up]
- No. - Is this OK?
- Let's take a look at.
[She's approaching...]
- 1,400.
[Lisa, did we lose the game?]
- 1,400?
[She's saying the price of it]
[Not a fan but a shop owner]
[Global shopping expression]
Let me take a look at others, too.
Thank you.
[Smart shopper, Lisa]
[Going straight]
- That one? - Yes.
Hey.
[Love it!]
[The target is a vintage denim jacket]
This is pretty.
I like this.
May I try this on?
She said yes.
[Trying it]
Cute.
Let's ask.
[Oh, my!]
Lisa.
[Who... are you?]
[Another shop owner?]
[Who is this lady?
Does she know Lisa?]
[Denying the reality]
- Is she your friend? - Nope.
- Then?
- We lost.
We lost.
Oh... She recognized you.
[Nice to meet you and
thank you for recognizing me...
But we lost the game!
We lost. Oh, sad.
[Shh! Let's keep it between us]
[Let's pretend as if nobody has recognized]
- We lost. - Lisa.
We didn't. It's OK.
It will be fine.
- Lisa, thanks for the souvenirs.
- Thank you.
[Mental breakdown... Empty wallet...]
They knew it.
[Admitting the defeat]
I was sure that people would recognize her.
[Because Lisa is... Lisa]
They would have known her for sure.
[Lisa will pay for us]
[Let's enjoy shopping]
So sorry.
[Pop-up book that turns into a doll house]
Amazing.
Lisa will buy me this.
[Lisa is opening her wallet]
Thank you.
[Joy of giving]
[Joy of receiving]
[Thanks to Lisa's popularity]
I'm benefited from your popularity.
[Glad to see pretty things]
I love this place! Very unique.
[Looking like products made in Thailand]
- This. It says it's made in Thailand.
- Right.
That's hot.
[Face completes the look]
- Right. - Pretty.
- I think Lisa will love this.
- Vintage. - Shirt.
[Jisoo's style]
[Jisoo likes it]
[Shopping] [They don't want to leave]
- Cute glasses. - Really.
- Look at them.
[Face completes the style 22]
- How do I look? - You're so...
[I look great with whatsoever]
I think I need to dance.
This?
It looks great on you.
- Really?
- Yes.
How much is this?
3,500 baht.
3,500?
How much?
1,250.
Do you have a new one as well?
[Speaking of 3 languages]
[Global shopper Rose]
[On the contrary...
(Shopping phobia) Jisoo is...]
- How can I say in Thai, "How much is it?"
- You just learned it.
[I learned but I forgot]
I can't remember.
[Why do you keep forgetting?]
- How much? - This...
[Lisa's Thai school for newbies]
- How much? - How much?
[Useful expressions for shopping]
- How much? - Write it down.
- Record it.
[Beginner's level in Thai]
[The only sentence that Jisoo remembers]
- I'm broke. - I'm broke.
- I'm broke.
- What's the 2nd sentence you learned?
I'm broke.
[Repeating]
[Look of a girl who's broke]
- I'm broke. - I'm broke.
500 baht.
- It's nice, right?
- Yes, I think so.
[Repeating "I'm broke"]
I'm broke.
- I'm broke.
- She learned it today.
- A discount, please.
I learned some useful
expressions in Thai.
[She may remember it forever]
I just kept saying "I'm broke"
with a sad look.
[Repeat after me]
I'm broke.
[The next shop where Jisoo stopped...]
[Percussion shop]
That's cool.
[Good job]
[Hitting drums]
[They started holding sticks]
[Not playing with fire]
[But playing with drums (Street busking ver.)]
[Getting away from the band]
I'll go for something else.
[BOGO] [Busking + sale]
- Thank you. - Thank you.
[What an amazing busking!]
[#My hands are full with shopping bags]
[#Lisa bought them all]
[#We're so happy]
[Blackpink's hotel room]
[Two people visited their room
bringing stuffs]
Hello. Anybody home?
[Blackpink is out...]
Hello.
[Excuse me... but who is it?]
[Hello?]
[Cooking at the empty room?]
[Please explain...]
[You can see it 168 hours later..]
That means, next week!]
[Ding dong]
[Are we expecting anyone?]
Who is it?
[A mysterious box
in front of door?]
["Luxury travel ticket to Ko Samui]
[Luxury travel?]
Really?
Awesome!
So amazing.
[Satisfied]
[So happy]
[CEO's gift for them?
Super luxury hotel]
- Good. - Very nice
[Dinner full of delicacies]
- It's really luxurious.
- Deliciosu. - Amazing.
[#CEO's gift #Luxurious tour
#Successful] So funny!